Welcome in this video, we're going to look at how we do comparisons in GitHub.
So far, we've done several commits on our GitHub repository,
created a few branches and also tags. Since we've done all that
we have the opportunity to do comparisons between
commits, branches, and tags in multiple locations throughout GitHub.
One way we could do that is by initiating a pull request.
If we click on pull request, it'll put us on a pull request page,
by which I can create a new pull request. Doing that puts me onto a compare changes page.
This will allow me to change the base, that is where I'm comparing against,
with my current branch or tag; let's compare "develop" against "master".
Doing that, we refresh the page with a difference between master and our develop branches.
So, at the top of this, I see that I have "4 commits here",
you can see what dates they were on. I can go to the specific commits by clicking on
the commit message with each one or the commit id associated.
And then, at the bottom of this page, I see a diff between the two branches being compared.
Right now, it's showing just one file changed between develop and master.
I have it on the unified diff, but I could also move over to split.
Doing that refreshes my page, and now I have a split view of the comparison.
At this point, I no longer need the pull request;
I just wanted to use the pull request page to do comparisons.
Let's click back on the name of our repository.